This feeling
It's like going back to one night five years ago
You bastard, get off me
Don't talk
Your mother is still at the door
How could he believe it if he didn't come up with something?
Then I'll start
What happened yesterday
Keep it a secret.
Nothing happened last night, did it?
What is that?
Mr. Gu, nothing happened
How do you explain that?
I, Mr. Gu
You are going too far.
I came to see the hard work of moving bricks on your construction site
Rent you back as my husband
I didn't expect you to fall asleep like this
Take advantage of the danger
You are a criminal
But I didn't do anything yesterday.
How do you explain this shoe?
Miss Jiang
This doesn't seem like your first time, does it?
There's no reason to bleed because of men and women
What's the date today?
23rd
Sorry, Mr. Gu.
I misunderstood you.
I'm going to the bathroom
23rd, I remember.